[RHACS] Added patch release notes for 4.2.2 (#62556)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/41-release-notes.adoc

Release date: 11 July 2023

* Previously, upgrading from {product-title-short} 4.0.2 to {product-title-short} 4.1 using the {product-title-short} Operator would fail because of the deprecated KernelModule collector support in {product-title-short} 4.1.
The updated image fixes this issue.

[id="resolved-in-version-412_{context}"]
=== Resolved in version 4.1.2

Release date: 26 July 2023

* {product-title-short} 4.1.2 includes a fix for an issue where an operator-based {product-title-short} installation failed to upgrade from versions earlier than {product-title-short} 3.71.
The failure occurred because the older versions did not implement PSP auto-sensing on the Kubernetes cluster 1.25 or later.
* Previously, if you were using {product-title-short} with Istio, the Scanner pods would crash if Istio reported the version as `latest` instead of the actual version number, such as `1.17`.
The updated image fixes this issue.

> * Fixed an issue where upgrading from RHACS 3.74.3 to RHACS 4.1.1 failed

Reviewer: To make line 425 parallel with the other two bullets in this list, make it a complete sentence:

`{product-title-short} 4.1.2 fixes an issue where upgrading from {product-title-short} 3.74.3 to {product-title-short} 4.1.1 failed with an "insert...violates foreign key restraint" error.`

> with an "insert...violates foreign key restraint" error.

Author: @lahinson Can you review these additional lines I've added after your review? Thanks.

Author: Patch is released so I'm merging this now. We can do a follow up PR if there are changes needed.

* Previously, upgrading from RHACS 4.0.2 to RHACS 4.1 using the RHACS Operator would fail because of the deprecated KernelModule collector support in RHACS 4.1.
The updated image fixes this issue.

[id="resolved-in-version-412_{context}"]
=== Resolved in version 4.1.2

Release date: 19 July 2023

> * {product-title-short} 4.1.2 includes a fix for an issue where an operator-based RHACS installation failed to upgrade from older versions before RHACS 3.71. Because the older versions did not implement PSP auto-sensing on the Kubernetes cluster 1.25 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {product-title-short} 4.1.2 includes a fix for an issue where an operator-based RHACS installation failed to upgrade from versions earlier than RHACS 3.71. The failure occurred because the older versions did not implement PSP auto-sensing on the Kubernetes cluster 1.25 or later.
```

The second sentence was a fragment, so I added some wording to turn it into a complete sentence. If I changed the intended meaning with my revision, feel free to revise further.
